cert auth. support for ejabberd_auth_http (#2044)
esl/MongooseIM: doc/authentication-backends/HTTP-authentication-module.md

* **Return values:**
    * 200, password in the body
    * anything else - `get_password` will fail
    
### Method `get_certs`

> * **Description:** Must return all the valid user's certificates in [PEM format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Description:** Must return all the valid certificates of a user in the [PEM format](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Privacy-Enhanced_Mail).
```

* **HTTP method:** GET
* **Type:** mandatory when EXTERNAL SASL mechanism is used
* **Return values:**

>     * 200, all the user's certificates listed one after another (as in PEM file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * 200, all the user's certificates listed one after another (as in a PEM file)
```
